The first number is the cost in points. Following that is the ability name.
Then in parentheses is the maximum number of times the ability may be taken. “U” means unlimited.
Finally, the description of the ability is given.

−2/–3   Attribute Penalty (Once per Attribute):
            One attribute (but not its linked skills) suffers a –1
            penalty. For 3 points, it suffers a –2 penalty. If Strength, this applies to damage as well.
−2      Big (1):
            The race is particularly large in a world where most others aren’t. He subtracts 2 from
            Trait rolls when using equipment that wasn’t specifically designed for his race and cannot
            wear their armor or clothing. Equipment, food, and clothing cost double the listed price.
−1      Cannot Speak (1):
            The race has no vocal cords or cannot form the sounds made by most
            other races. He can communicate with members of his own race naturally (through
            song, pheromones, body language, etc.). Other races can’t speak his “language” but may
            learn to understand him if they take the proper Language skill. The species can hear and
            understand other typical languages and may communicate via electronic devices or the like.
−2      Dependency (1):
            The race must consume or have contact with some sort of relatively common
            substance for an hour out of every 24. Creatures from water-based worlds, for example, might
            need to immerse themselves in water; plant people might need sunlight. Without the required
            contact, a character becomes Fatigued each day until Incapacitated. A day after that, they
            perish. Each hour spent recovering with the appropriate substance restores a level of Fatigue.
−1      Environmental Weakness (U):
            The race suffers a –4 penalty to resist a particular
            environmental effect, such as heat, cold, etc. If the being suffers an attack based on that
            form, the penalty acts as a bonus to damage.
−1      Frail (2):
            The creature is less durable than most. Reduce its Toughness by 1.
−1/–2   Hindrance (U):
            The race has an inherent Minor Hindrance for 1 point, or a Major Hindrance
            for 2. This doesn’t affect the ability to choose other Hindrances during character creation.
−1      Poor Parry (3):
            These beings are poor melee defenders; –1 Parry.
−1      Racial Enemy (U):
            This species dislikes another species relatively common to the setting.
            They suffer a –2 penalty to Persuasion rolls when dealing with their rivals and may become
            hostile with little provocation. This may only be taken once per race.
−1      Reduced Core Skills (5):
            This race starts with one less core skill. The skill may be gained
            normally but does not start at a d4. This may be taken once per core skill affected.
−1/–2   Reduced Pace (1):
            For –1 point, reduce Pace by 1 and the running die a die type (d4 is reduced
            to d4–1). For –2 points, reduce Pace another 2 points and subtract 2 from Athletics and rolls
            to resist Athletics where movement and mobility are integral to the challenge (GM’s call).
−1      Size –1 (1):
            The entity is smaller than average, reducing its Size and Toughness by 1 (see the
            Size Table, page 179).
−1/–2   Skill Penalty (Once per Skill):
            The race suffers a –1 penalty to a very commonly used
            skill such as Fighting, Persuasion, or even Piloting in a game focused on airplanes (the GM
            decides based on her campaign). If the skill is less common or only comes up in certain
            situations, the penalty is −2. For 2 points, the penalty is −2/−4 instead.