The first number is the cost in points. Following that is the ability name.
Then in parentheses is the maximum number of times the ability may be taken. “U” means unlimited.
Finally, the description of the ability is given.

2       Adaptable (1):
            The race has great variation among its people and cultures. Characters start
            with a free Novice Edge of their choice (and must meet all the Edge’s Requirements).
3       Additional Action (1):
            The being has additional appendages, enhanced reflexes, or exceptional
            eye-hand coordination. He may ignore 2 points of Multi-Action penalties each turn.
1/2     Aquatic/Semi-Aquatic (1):
            For one point the character is semi-aquatic and can hold his breath
            for 15 minutes before checking for drowning. For two, he’s native to the water. He cannot drown
            in oxygenated liquid and moves his full Pace when swimming (see Movement, page 92).
1       Armor (3):
            The species has a thick hide or is encrusted in solid material like scaly plating or
            even rock. This grants Armor +2 each time it’s taken.
2       Attribute Increase (U):
            During character creation, the species increases a particular attribute
            (Agility, Smarts, Spirit, Strength, or Vigor) one die type. This increases the Trait’s maximum
            by one as well.
1       Bite (1):
            The race has fangs that cause Strength+d4 damage. See Natural Weapons, page
            104 for more information.
1       Burrowing (1):
            The species can burrow into loose earth and move through it at half normal
            Pace (he cannot run). He cannot normally be attacked while burrowing, and can attempt to
            surprise opponents who didn’t see him coming by making an opposed Stealth vs. Notice
            roll. If successful, the burrower adds +2 to his attack and damage rolls that round, or +4 with
            a raise (he has The Drop, page 100).
2/3/4   Claws (1):
            The race has claws that cause Str+d4 damage. One more point may be spent to
            increase their damage to Strength+d6, and/or another to add AP 2. See Natural Weapons,
            page 104 for more information.
8       Construct (1):
            Constructs are artificial beings made of inorganic material. They add +2 to
            recover from being Shaken, ignore one level of Wound modifiers, don’t breathe, and are
            immune to disease and poison. Wounds must be mended via the Repair skill. Each attempt
            takes one hour per current Wound level and ignores the “Golden Hour”. Many Constructs
            have the Dependency Negative Racial Ability (reflecting their need for a power source).
2       Doesn’t Breathe (1):
            The species does not breathe. Individuals aren’t affected by inhaled
            toxins, can’t drown, and don’t suffocate in a vacuum. (They may still freeze, however.)
2+X     Edge (U):
            All members of this race have the same innate Edge chosen from those available
            in the setting. Unlike Adaptable, this ability ignores Requirements except other Edges. Each
            Rank beyond Novice costs an additional point to a maximum of Heroic Rank (5).
1       Environmental Resistance (U):
            The species receives a +4 bonus to resist a single negative
            environmental effect, such as heat, cold, lack of air, radiation, etc. Damage from that source
            is also reduced by 4.
2/4/6   Flight (1):
            The species can fly at Pace 6 (or 12 for 4 points) and “run” for extra movement
            as usual. For 6 points, the being can fly at Pace 24 and may “run” for 2d6″ of additional
            movement. Maneuvering uses the Athletics skill. Racial flight presumes some kind of wings
            which can be targeted or fouled (a Bound or Entangled character cannot fly).
2       Hardy (1):
            A second Shaken result in combat does not cause a Wound.
1/2     Horns (1):
            The being has a horn or horns that cause Str+d4 damage (or Str+d6 for 2 points).
            See Natural Weapons, page 104, for more information.
1       Immune to Poison or Disease (2):
            The species is immune to poison or disease (your choice).
            It may be taken twice for both effects.
1       Infravision (1):
            The creature “sees” heat, either through eyes or other sensory organs. This
            halves Illumination penalties when attacking warm targets (including invisible beings).
2       Leaper (1):
            The character can jump twice as far as listed under Movement, page 92. In
            addition, he adds +4 to damage when leaping as part of a Wild Attack instead of the usual
            +2 (unless in a closed or confined space where he cannot leap horizontally or vertically—
            GM’s call).
1       Low Light Vision (1):
            The being ignores penalties for Dim or Dark illumination (but not
            Pitch Darkness).
1       No Vital Organs (1):
            These species have hidden, extremely tough, or redundant vital
            organs. Called Shots do no extra damage against them.
2       Pace (2):
            The character’s Pace is increased by +2 and his running die is increased a die type.
1       Parry (3):
            The creature’s natural Parry is increased by +1. This may be due to a prehensile
            tail, extra limbs, enhanced reflexes, or even latent psi-sense.
1/3     Poisonous Touch (1):
            With a successful Touch Attack (page 108), bite, or claw, the victim
            must roll Vigor or suffer the effects of Mild Poison. For 3 points the poison can be upgraded
            to Knockout, Lethal, or Paralyzing instead, but each use causes the hero Fatigue. The
            character may always choose whether or not to use her poison touch. See page 128 for
            Poison and its effects.
2/1     Power (U):
            The race has an innate ability that functions like a power (see page 147). For 2
            points, she has Arcane Background (Gifted) and a power that reflects her unusual ability.
            Each time this is taken after the first costs 1 point and grants another power. It does not
            increase her Power Points—use the Power Points Edge for that.
1       Reach (3):
            Long limbs, tentacles, etc. grant the creature Reach +1 (add +1 each time it’s taken
            after the first).
2/3     Regeneration (1):
            The being heals damage quickly. She may make a natural healing
            roll once per day (rather than every five days). For 3 points, permanent injuries may be
            recovered once all other Wounds are regenerated. Treat each injury as an additional Wound
            for purposes of recovery (the being may try once per week).
1       Size +1 (3):
            The creature is larger than normal. Each point of Size adds directly to Toughness
            and increases maximum Strength one step. Large species may have difficulty using
            equipment designed for more traditional humanoids. See page 106 for more on Size.
1/2     Skill (1/skill):
            The character starts with a d4 in a skill inherent to her race or culture. For 2
            points (or 1 if already a core skill), it starts at d6 and the skill’s maximum increases to d12+1.
1/2     Skill Bonus (Once per Skill):
            Biological factors give the race a +1/+2 bonus when using
            a particular skill. A race that emits pheromones, for example, might have a +1 bonus to
            Persuasion.
1       Sleep Reduction (2):
            The being needs half the normal amount of sleep as humans. If taken
            a second time, the being never sleeps.
2+X     Super Powers (1):
            The race has truly extraordinary abilities taken from the Savage Worlds
            Super Powers Companion. The cost is 2—for Arcane Background (Super Powers)—plus the
            actual cost of the power selected (X). Make sure you have the GM’s permission before taking
            this powerful ability.
1       Toughness (3):
            The character has hardened skin, scales, or extremely dense tissue that
            increases his base Toughness by +1.
1       Wall Walker (1): 
            The species may walk on vertical surfaces normally, or inverted surfaces
            at half Pace.
